When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all
of your work local?
  When working from multiple computers.
  When working with more than one person on project.
  When the same files need to be installed on multiple work stations.
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having
Git automatically stay up-tp-date with your remote repository?
  In case someone introduces changes that I don't want.
  So I can choose where the updates go, ie. remote desktops.
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you
use one instead of the other?
  Forks copy and credit repositories only on GitHub. A fork "Parent"
  does not change when changing the personal fork.
  Clones copy the repository locally or from GitHub. Clones get updated
  with push/pull.
  Branches can isolate the master from being changed. They can allow
  experimentation without affecting the main code.
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the
remote stored locally?
  You can compare it to your local copy without altering it, so you
  can see how far off you are.
  You can also use it to see if there have been changes to the GitHub
  repository between commits, and merge both local and remote changes.
  Unlike trying to access the same file which creates a conflict.
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be
easier, and what would be harder?
  I have been using email to communicate changes, with google drive to
  store different versions of the same program. It is easier in that there
  is no tracking of versions to do, ie. committing and pushing and doing
  pull requests, which saves some time up front. But it is increasingly
  harder to keep track of versions of these softwares. And as I get more
  into contributing to the project, harder to communicate the changes I'd
  like to see in the code. And there is jumping from email to editor to
  program to editor to email. And all the machines that need to be updated!
  It would be easier to use Git for version control.
